Detect transform changes (#1799)
CesiumGS/cesium-unreal: CHANGES.md

##### Additions :tada:

- Added support for loading tilesets with the `KHR_gaussian_splatting` extension.
- Added support for styling with tileset statistics on `UCesiumFeaturesMetadataComponent`.
- Added `UCesiumPropertyArrayBlueprintLibrary::ToString` to print the contents of a `FCesiumPropertyArray` as a string.

> - Added a DetectTransformChanges property on CesiumGlobeAnchor, which can be used to disable updating the globe anchor.

Reviewer: Rewording for consistency with other changelog entries:

```suggestion
- Added `DetectTransformChanges` to `UCesiumGlobeAnchorComonent`, which toggles whether to update the globe anchor after its Actor's transform has changed.
```
